When I was a child, my parents left early
I thought about being alone and ignoring everyone's dissuasion
Bring me up
He taught me to read.
Teach me to write
Even all my talent for fashion design
He taught me that.
It can be said that my aunt is my mother
In fact, on the wedding day
What I most want to see
It is the aunt who can come to the scene
But my aunt has been married to the bay since
I never saw her again
So
You have decided
Ask Su Jiaqiang about the resentment towards the Su family during the holiday
Chaos
Xiao Wu is the best person in the world for me
I didn't want to embarrass him.
Then let you taste it
But aren't you going to hang Su Shiman?
No really don't do that for me
But
Since the wife has let go of the past
I'm a big man arguing
Doesn't that look like me?
Dramatic book
Come on, the opera is narrow
Hey grass
Where did you get the toys?
Bag in that bag
Is this toy brand new?
You see
The label hasn't been removed yet.
Didn't you say exposure fake? Let me take a look.
One or two 0
It seems that Xiaobu still blesses us
Kind of interesting.
Alright Aqiu
Let's go eat
After dinner
Gotta get up